[Applause]
I'll hold the road like this tight
pants and fast cars don't make you
Batman Mike
get me the out of this car we got
more time behind us than in front please
I'm gonna be running down criminals till
I'm 100 time this time we be hoody men
wants to sing that song might put
you on a new team you're working with
ammo now yeah ammo is a high school
musical boyband wit gun
you look great grandpa so you're that
guy this is always one right up till
there's not that's what I like teamwork
Marcus somebody's trying to kill me who
wants to kill you I don't trust a person
that don't want to kill he'll put my
name thanks a lot we got it Marcus we
appreciate it
but family is the only thing that
matters so I'm not letting you go on a
suicide mission alone one last time one
last time
oh no people
[Applause]
[Music]
when the hell are you getting all these
helicopters
oh this is my wife's car cover the front
door she knows he always knows look at
this all those years in the big city we
finally got out we're living the dream
maybe it is a dream
[Music]
then everything just blew up big flash
like a pink light or actually I don't
even know what color it was it wasn't
like any color I'd ever seen before
looks like a meteorite
he was radioactive I mean it's from
space right meteorite to Germany no more
dangerous than ordinary L'Occitane okay
something that they just disappear
did you plant those no wart here for a
sec who's talking to you it's in the
stat he gets in the moisture sin here is
out there
what's out there is in here now
everything's under control so in denial
that demons from the meteorite changes
everything around it
[Music]
it's just a color believe me no I don't
want to believe anymore
[Applause]
[Music]
everything's gonna be a-okay $20,000
yes well I'm gonna tell you to kill my
wife the devil comes to me I've been
watching you this is a destiny residents
are advised to stay indoors
we got a hurricane you best get a comfy
all signs clearly point to you being the
murderer tell me what happened I didn't
do anything
[Music]
is it true that's your wife don't treat
you right he was
- drives me insane
I know you got to sit here without the
sweet touch of love we ain't got mouths
see if you had a dark side darker than
the hell
[Music]
you'll have to trust me you see what you
did expect me to believe you didn't
commit murder
look at our basement
what's he talking about he's a pasta
okay
[Music]
what would you want to be known for on
earth we only have a short time on this
planet you want to become the person
that you were born to be don't waste
your time on all the junk of life what
am I to eat
[Applause]
spend your precious hours doing what
will bring out the real you
[Music]
the brilliant passionate youth
that's ready to contribute something
meaningful into this world
I got the gig I really need a haircut
today man can you fit me in whoa whoa
[Music]
so what do you want to be remembered for
probably for doing this funny cowboy
dance
[Music]
so what's your plan mr. Garrett how
would you like to buy a bank what the
hell do we know about banking owning a
bank is like owning the other side of
the real estate business there's a few
complexities you just left out like what
oh sorry did I not wake up black this
morning cuz I'm pretty sure I did yep
still black I'm not my head full of
dreams I came here to try my hand at
real estate you met a millionaire unit
you know the time nervous I like seeing
black men succeed sometimes they even
invest on my own money to back I know
you're smart and ambitious you and I
both know that's not enough it's time to
someone shine a bright light in order
for things to change are you starting to
buy real estate in white only
neighborhoods B when I think about all
the good we can do for the community for
you taking it to the man that's exactly
what we're going to do and just how in
the hell do you plan I'll pull it narrow
we get Matt to Front for us
you want me to what be us to the rest of
the world
we can't set foot in the bank best way
to help took limo driver when you had
the chance I don't know anything about
banking I don't know how to buy a bank
we'll teach you everything you need to
know
you gotta learn how to talk to rich
white folks like you one up and you
can't fake a golf game make me proud son
whole country's talking about how to
grow managed by two banks full of white
folks money and loan it of innately you
should have known you couldn't keep this
a secret very long FBI you're under
arrest
a black man tries to bring all the
brothers up bassant our
oh when you're living
something's got to give
something's got to give even a rig gangs
fun to play but now if this was easy
somebody else would have done it a long
time ago
you revolutionary
[Music]
as the attorney representing Adrienne's
trust I'm required to read a prepared
statement Cecelia although our
relationship was far from perfect I
thought that you would talk to me rather
than run away okay what happened to him
he cut his wrist for his final wishes
you're getting five million dollars
contingent of course on the fine print
it can't be a rule to be mentally
incompetent it just doesn't make any
sense what Adrienne wouldn't kill
himself listen I'm getting your freedom
back okay don't let him haunt you hello
[Music]
I'm scared you don't have to be scared
of him anymore he was a sociopath
completely in control of everything he
said that wherever I went he would find
me walk right up to me and I wouldn't be
able to see him okay someone's sitting
in that chair they found something they
can't prove what I'm experiencing you
need help
Adrian is dead
I went to sell us today he's not dead I
have a pile of ashes in the box that but
disagree with you he has figured out a
way to be invisible only thing more
brilliant than inventing something that
makes you invisible they was coming up
with the perfect way to torture you even
in death Adrian's true genius was how he
got in people's heads don't come any
closer
I'm not crazy you're saying the person
trying to kill you
is in the room right now but we can't
see them there you are
you
[Music]
what she feared most wasn't the words
what she couldn't manage were the spaces
between the words the silence
[Music]
Kahraman a skateboard Nutella Zealand of
of a Masuka known totally accepted
him nerdcore computer cursor to
receptive
it was in the quiet
[Music]
in the moments alone that she could see
herself most clearly
I am of two parts divided
stranger Halla and family said about
dealing with me mother never said that
under the same roof
one-eye rushes forward fearlessly
and other questions everything
[Music]
you're not scared are you
maybe
[Music]
we said that I could tell you
something's going on
sharing the same blood you'd know the
consequence talking over each other I
didn't do anything
seeking to be understood
a cacophonous sound
that is the head in the heart
[Music]
I hear he's the point seeking my
whereabouts
you've heard the stories about dossier
if I can bring him back you put a badge
on my chest
this country is not ready for a colored
arch you won't find a man more go to the
law is there anybody that'll ride with
our let's go
[Music]
you do not come till the door and ask to
come in he comes out general I shot five
men for they could draw
right he's looking for me
good my man what's funny I'll make easy
[Music]
yes you do the whole doesn't believe you
make believe us on an errand
[Applause]
your move boy
[Music]
a lot of mere change but the loss of
semi-free
[Music]
remember the voice in your head the one
that said
[Music]
here is the place that came from
so began the legend of Peter the boy who
would not
multiply we can fly really fly
[Music]
tell mama look just stay a little longer
and tell her I miss her and I love her
[Music]
we're children
you can leave yourself behind
you won't even know when it happened
[Applause]
since we're lost boys go when they're
really lost
[Music]
all children
blow up
[Applause]
but some
[Music]
the wild ones
the ones with a light in their eye
escape
you
[Music]